remove the binding between v6 and PQC encryption keys in the … (#81)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

key material from existing ECC keys in PQ(/T) keys does not provide backwards
compatibility, and the fingerprint will differ.

An OpenPGP certificate is composed of a certification-capable primary key
and one or more subkeys for signature, encryption, and authentication.
Two migration strategies are recommended:

1. Generate two independent certificates, one for PQ(/T)-capable
implementations, and one for legacy implementations. Implementations not
understanding PQ(/T) certificates can use the legacy certificate, while
PQ(/T)-capable implementations will prefer the newer certificate. This allows
having an older v4 or v6 certificate for compatibility and a v6 PQ(/T)
certificate, at a greater complexity in key distribution.

2. Attach PQ(/T) encryption subkeys to an existing traditional OpenPGP certificate.

> In the case of a v6 certificate, also PQ(/T) signature keys may be attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v6 PQ(/T) signature keys may also be attached to a certificate with a v4 or v6 primary key. The PQ(/T) signature keys may then be used whenever there is sufficient evidence that the recipient will be able to verify such signatures.
```

I understand that this statement may be controversial, because of the questionable security gain in PQ signature subkeys under a traditional primary key. But since anyone who receives such such a public key in an authenticated way and then stores it until the quantum computer era, can still be sure to have authentic PQ signature keys of that party.

Reviewer: Oh, yes, clearly you can't attach a v6 subkey to a v4 primary key. You are right, this is an entirely different topic I brought up here. Probably it will surface anyway in the upcoming discussions, so I don't think we necessarily have to create an issue now.
